Add docs about skip ns propagation and PropagationPolicy/ClusterPropagationPolicy priority (#259)
karmada-io/website: i18n/zh/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/reference/object-association-mapping.md

> |                        | annotation | policy.karmada.io/applied-overrides                          | Record override items, the overrides items should be sorted alphabetically in ascending order by OverridePolicy's name. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | annotation | policy.karmada.io/applied-overrides                          | Record override items, which should be sorted alphabetically in ascending order by OverridePolicy's name. |
```

> |                        | annotation      | policy.karmada.io/applied-cluster-overrides                  | Record override items, the overrides items should be sorted alphabetically in ascending order by ClusterOverridePolicy's name. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | annotation      | policy.karmada.io/applied-cluster-overrides                  | Record override items, which should be sorted alphabetically in ascending order by ClusterOverridePolicy's name. |
```

> | Workload               | label      | work.karmada.io/namespace work.karmada.io/name | The labels can be used to determine whether the current workload is managed by karmada. Through those labels, logic can find the associated Work or trace it back from the Work to the corresponding Workload. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Workload               | label      | work.karmada.io/namespace work.karmada.io/name | Determines whether the current workload is managed by Karmada. Through those labels, logic can find the associated Work or trace it back from the Work to the corresponding Workload. |
```

> | Namespace              | label      | namespace.karmada.io/skip-auto-propagation      | The label can be used to determine whether the namespace should be skipped from auto propagation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Namespace              | label      | namespace.karmada.io/skip-auto-propagation      | Determines whether the namespace should be skipped from auto propagation. |
```
